README.md, before:

# [WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/) [![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/) [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/woothemes/woocommerce.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/woothemes/woocommerce) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/woothemes/woocommerce/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/woothemes/woocommerce?branch=master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/woothemes/woocommerce/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/woothemes/woocommerce)

Welcome to the WooCommerce repository on GitHub. Here you can browse the source, look at open issues and keep track of development. We recommend all developers to follow the [WooCommerce development blog](https://woocommerce.wordpress.com/) to stay up to date about everything happening in the project. You can also [follow @DevelopWC](https://twitter.com/DevelopWC) on Twitter for the latest development updates.

If you are not a developer, please use the [WooCommerce plugin page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/) on WordPress.org.

## Documentation
* [WooCommerce Documentation](https://docs.woocommerce.com/documentation/plugins/woocommerce/)
* [WooCommerce Knowledge Base](https://support.woothemes.com/hc/en-us/categories/200146917-WooCommerce)
* [WooCommerce Code Reference](https://docs.woocommerce.com/wc-apidocs/)
* [WooCommerce REST API Docs](https://woothemes.github.io/woocommerce-rest-api-docs/)

## Support
This repository is not suitable for support. Please don't use our issue tracker for support requests, but for core WooCommerce issues only. Support can take place in the appropriate channels:

* The [WooThemes premium support portal](https://support.woothemes.com/) for customers who have purchased themes or extensions.
* [Our community forum on wp.org](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/woocommerce) which is available for all WooCommerce users.

Support requests in issues on this repository will be closed on sight.

## Contributing to WooCommerce
If you have a patch, or stumbled upon an issue with WooCommerce core, you can contribute this back to the code. Please read our [contributor guidelines](https://github.com/woothemes/woocommerce/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information how you can do this.

If you have an idea for WooCommerce, see the [Roadmap Trello board](https://trello.com/b/YgRbpuze/woocommerce-roadmap).

## Building API Documentation
* Install PHP 7.0 for Windows
* In `php.ini`:
  * Update the extension directory to `ext`
  * Enable the openssl and fileinfo extensions

```dos
php -r "copy('https://getcomposer.org/installer', 'composer-setup.php');"
php composer-setup.php
php composer.phar update
vendor\bin\phpdox
cd apigen && php hook-docs.php
```

Commit message:

docs: clarify documentation build steps

README.md, after:

# [WooCommerce](https://woocommerce.com/) [![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/) [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/woothemes/woocommerce.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/woothemes/woocommerce) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/woothemes/woocommerce/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/woothemes/woocommerce?branch=master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/woothemes/woocommerce/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/woothemes/woocommerce)

Welcome to the WooCommerce repository on GitHub. Here you can browse the source, look at open issues and keep track of development. We recommend all developers to follow the [WooCommerce development blog](https://woocommerce.wordpress.com/) to stay up to date about everything happening in the project. You can also [follow @DevelopWC](https://twitter.com/DevelopWC) on Twitter for the latest development updates.

If you are not a developer, please use the [WooCommerce plugin page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/) on WordPress.org.

## Documentation
* [WooCommerce Documentation](https://docs.woocommerce.com/documentation/plugins/woocommerce/)
* [WooCommerce Knowledge Base](https://support.woothemes.com/hc/en-us/categories/200146917-WooCommerce)
* [WooCommerce Code Reference](https://docs.woocommerce.com/wc-apidocs/)
* [WooCommerce REST API Docs](https://woothemes.github.io/woocommerce-rest-api-docs/)

## Support
This repository is not suitable for support. Please don't use our issue tracker for support requests, but for core WooCommerce issues only. Support can take place in the appropriate channels:

* The [WooThemes premium support portal](https://support.woothemes.com/) for customers who have purchased themes or extensions.
* [Our community forum on wp.org](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/woocommerce) which is available for all WooCommerce users.

Support requests in issues on this repository will be closed on sight.

## Contributing to WooCommerce
If you have a patch, or stumbled upon an issue with WooCommerce core, you can contribute this back to the code. Please read our [contributor guidelines](https://github.com/woothemes/woocommerce/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information how you can do this.

If you have an idea for WooCommerce, see the [Roadmap Trello board](https://trello.com/b/YgRbpuze/woocommerce-roadmap).

## Building API Documentation
The fastest, easiest way is to use the Windows build of PHP 7.0.

1. Install PHP 7.0 for Windows
1. In `php.ini`:
   1. Update the extension directory to `ext`
   1. Enable the `openssl` and `fileinfo` extensions

1. Execute the following in a DOS terminal:
    ```dos
    cd \thepath\to\woocommerce
    php -r "copy('https://getcomposer.org/installer', 'composer-setup.php');"
    php composer-setup.php
    php composer.phar update
    .\vendor\bin\phpdox
    cd apigen && php hook-docs.php
    ```
